Consoliate bibliography files and create initial publications page (#128)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/verification_and_validation/index.md

Note that in addition to monitoring TMAP8 performance and reproducibility in verification and validation cases, the effects of changes made to TMAP8 are tracked. A series of automated tests are performed via continuous integration using [CIVET](https://civet.inl.gov/repo/530) to help identify any changes in TMAP8's predictions, therefore ensuring stability and robustness.

> TMAP8 also contains [example cases](examples/index.md), which showcase how TMAP8 can be used. Finally, for more references of TMAP8 usage, a list of publications that use TMAP8 can be found [here](publications.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TMAP8 also contains [example cases](examples/index.md), which showcase how TMAP8 can be used. Finally, for more references of TMAP8 usage, a list of publications supporting TMAP8 development can be found [here](publications.md).
```
